hello guys how are you welcome to this
battlefield gameplay 4 that I have cast
some games and I say good the truth is
that you have asked me a lot and good
I wanted to share one of them with
you and meanwhile so I tell you
some things are worth as for example
I want to welcome you to the new ones
subscribers that in the latter
season you are being quite the
that you are uploading to the channel I am very
happy for the acceptance of
certain videos of how you have
reacted that I trace to the channel without
know me and that you subscribe because that
it means that everything I'm doing
things in a way more or less well
and welcome to all I hope that what
Enjoy a lot and good
you are already I thank you always
the new ones because you already know that you can
tell me what you want to see what
always makes all kinds of suggestions
ok and good on the other hand I wanted
tell me about the setup of my last
video that many of you tell me that now that
how I spent so much money on
on a computer that goes computer cloth
that as good as I have to say that
I have long been working to
everything what I have cost me
what's mine get it out there they tell me
also good to spend
you both have a computer if you can
spend on other things that's true the
truth is that for me for example traveling
love there are a lot of things that I
I like to do but I like to spend
money on things that I like
then the computer that I bought it
last year it was a whim a
whim that I wanted to give myself because in that
moment I could and why because he gave me the
basically wins and but that does not mean that
I like to spend money too
in other things then more so that more
for me for leisure for such I am
I am always being very consistent
with myself and leaving money for
some things and for others
I wanted to tell you guys that I want me to
tell me you send me messages that I
put tweets that you already know there are a thousand
1000 thousand ways to get in touch
with me to tell me what you want to see
I know you love the videos of it
I know you like blogs a lot too
you like videos of laughter i try
do all kinds of videos is worth so that
so everyone is happy that a
play error 53 because I saw a couple of
videos of that game and I said look at what
I'm sorry but for another or nuance me
I'm not going to play like that to those who
you have asked so much so much in the
error 53 I'm sorry but the noblote
monari because I do not have noses so
I want to play outlast and I would like
much
give
that is the gift for calling it from some
way to play the atlas although I know that
I'm going to die of fear and I'll pass it on
fatal but good
and we'll see him talking about these guys
I also wanted to tell you that in this in
this next season, what will
coming on my channel is going to be those
scary videos I have several several
pending collaborations to be made with
other youtubers
battlefield in for good is going to have
super cool specials I want what
you also know and good with all this
also tell you that from now
that I'm already installed I'm calm and
without any pressure for any
side that I've had a year that has been
a total madness guys are not there
many things that I would love to tell you
but it does not work either because like I said in
another video this is not pink sauce but
but it's been crazy for the year and
now since I'm focused and I enjoy
so much with this from youtube that
I wanted to devote a lot to him
time it deserves is worth it and then I'm going
to try to have a video every day or
there will be the best every two days
some time in which for two or
three days I can not because I 'm out or
is in something but right now today
for today what I propose is that
there is a video almost every day in the
channel is worth I know it 's a very
unstable I apologize a thousand thanks
to those who are there, always what happens
pass, you know who you are and good
guys I'm super happy and with a
lots of desire another little thing guys
you tell me what video console I'm going to
buy the new generation but as
Liar asks if you know that I am from
playstation network and I'm from playstation
death then and what I have
thought to have like almost all I think
I always finish both
video game consoles but but initially
I wanted to buy the playstation
I will end up buying xbox then
surely
surely because that's what happened to me
the previous ones that I bought the
playstation 3 and then finish buying
I'm the xbox so I guess I'll do something
well but with time and when I save
for the second one because now I'm with
a leaf of nesquik that you know that
My purchase already bought me a boat of
nesquik and I did a hairline already when
I finished it and I'm going to throw the coins
so for everything I have left over if
loose to buy me the
playstation and that the name of the both
drop this pasture and all the
games that entails clear
so nothing I really want too
that the new pro has arrived
total hippie catering and that we can
start having new new material
games that's something that we're going right now
It has me crazy and nothing guys tell you
also that you are there is very important
for me I think that youtube is
going for the
mountains of Ubeda as they say there and that
I believe that the quality of the videos
quality of the youtubers the quality of
everything that is done is very important and
sometimes we do not give it with the value that is
it deserves so nothing to those that you want
congratulations because that means that
you are very smart and good a little
more guys pp shots that I want that
tell me what you want to see
I do not know how to tell me little things so that I
apart from the ideas that I have that I to
me is that I am very bighead and I say
this and what is the head called but I
I really like you to give me your
opinions because I can make a
mix what you like to you and
of what I like to me at the same time
so then we do there is a kind of
hodge - podge of ideas that with which
we can all be happy and little more
guys, I hope you have an October
great and what
good
I'll have fun
liked the video very much and see you the
next is worth a little kiss guys chao
ah